Scatter plot page: Update writing and add instructions on how to create a plot in UI (#1127)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/app/features/panels/scatter-plot.md

weight: 40
---

> This page explains the use case for scatter plots in W&B, how to create them, and provides an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page shows how to use scatter plots in W&B.
```

> ## Use case 

Reviewer: I feel we don't need this heading. Maybe the contents of this section could be moved up into the overview. If it looks funny for the first H2 to be "Example", perhaps an `## Overview` heading at the top would be better.

> Use scatter plots to compare multiple runs and visualize experiment performance. With scatter plots, you can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use scatter plots to compare multiple runs and visualize the performance of an experiment:
```

- Plot lines for minimum, maximum, and average values.
- Customize metadata tooltips.
- Control point colors.
- Adjust axis ranges.
- Use a log scale for the axes.

## Example

The following example shows a scatter plot displaying validation accuracy for different models over several weeks of experimentation. The tooltip includes batch size, dropout, and axis values. A line also shows the running average of validation accuracy. 

[See a live example →](https://app.wandb.ai/l2k2/l2k/reports?view=carey%2FScatter%20Plot)

> {{< img src="/images/general/scatter-plots-1.png" alt="" >}}

Reviewer: Please add alt text.

> {{< img src="/images/general/scatter-plots-1.png" alt="" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/images/general/scatter-plots-1.png" alt="Example of validation accuracy of different models over a couple of weeks of experimentation" >}}
```

> ## Create a scatter plot in the UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a scatter plot
```

To create a scatter plot in the W&B UI:

1. Navigate to the **Workspaces** tab.

> 2. In the **Charts** panel, click the three dots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the **Charts** panel, click the action menu `...`.
```

> 3. From the pop-up menu, select **+ Add panels**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. From the pop-up menu, select **Add panels**.
```
The + is not actually in the button text, just visual.
